doc: ironside: add description of missing UICR fields. (#24301)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_ironside.rst

          /* gpio1 - P1.2 CTRLSEL = 3 */
          UICR_GPIO_PIN_CNF_CTRLSEL_SET(0x5f938400UL, 2, 3);

UICR.WDTSTART
=============

UICR.WDTSTART configures the automatic start of a local watchdog timer before the application core is booted.
This provides early system protection ensuring that the system can recover from early boot failures.

The UICR.WDTSTART configuration consists of three sub-registers:

UICR.WDTSTART.ENABLE
  Controls whether the watchdog timer automatic start feature is enabled.

UICR.WDTSTART.INSTANCE
  Specifies which watchdog timer instance to configure and start.

>   Valid values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following are valid values:
```

  * ``WDT0`` - Use watchdog timer instance 0
  * ``WDT1`` - Use watchdog timer instance 1

UICR.WDTSTART.CRV
  Sets the initial Counter Reload Value (CRV) for the watchdog timer.
  This value determines the watchdog timeout period.
  The CRV must be at least 15 (0xF) to ensure proper watchdog operation.

UICR.SECURESTORAGE
==================

UICR.SECURESTORAGE configures the secure storage system used by |ISE| for persistent storage of cryptographic keys and trusted data.
The secure storage is divided into separate partitions for different services and processor domains.

> The sum of all size configurations specified in ``UICR.SECURESTORAGE.*`` must be 4kB aligned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total size of all configurations specified in ``UICR.SECURESTORAGE.*`` must be aligned to a 4 KB boundary.
```

For more information, see :ref:`ug_nrf54h20_ironside_se_secure_storage`.

The UICR.SECURESTORAGE configuration consists of the following sub-registers:

UICR.SECURESTORAGE.ENABLE
  Controls whether the secure storage feature is enabled.

UICR.SECURESTORAGE.ADDRESS
  Specifies the start address of the secure storage region in memory.

>   This address must be 4kB aligned and point to a valid memory region that can be used for secure storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This address must be aligned to a 4 KB boundary and must point to a valid memory region that can be used for secure storage.
```

UICR.SECURESTORAGE.CRYPTO

>   Configures partition sizes for the Cryptographic service within the secure storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configures partition sizes for the cryptographic service within the secure storage.
```

  UICR.SECURESTORAGE.CRYPTO.APPLICATIONSIZE1KB

>     Sets the size of the APPLICATION domain partition for cryptographic storage, specified in 1 kiB blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets the size of the ``APPLICATION`` domain partition for cryptographic storage, specified in 1 kiB blocks.
```
If we want to highlight this specific partition name, is should be between ticks. Otherwise, let's just use application domain

  UICR.SECURESTORAGE.CRYPTO.RADIOCORESIZE1KB

>     Sets the size of the RADIOCORE domain partition for cryptographic storage, specified in 1 kiB blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets the size of the ``RADIOCORE`` domain partition for cryptographic storage, specified in 1 kiB blocks.
```

UICR.SECURESTORAGE.ITS
  Configures partition sizes for the Internal Trusted Storage (ITS) service within the secure storage.

  UICR.SECURESTORAGE.ITS.APPLICATIONSIZE1KB

>     Sets the size of the APPLICATION domain partition for ITS, specified in 1 kiB blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets the size of the ``APPLICATION`` domain partition for ITS, specified in 1 kiB blocks.
```

  UICR.SECURESTORAGE.ITS.RADIOCORESIZE1KB

>     Sets the size of the RADIOCORE domain partition for ITS, specified in 1 kiB blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets the size of the ``RADIOCORE`` domain partition for ITS, specified in 1 kiB blocks.
```

UICR.SECONDARY
==============

UICR.SECONDARY configures the secondary firmware boot system, which allows |ISE| to boot alternative firmware in response to specific conditions or triggers.

> This feature enables recovery scenarios and dual-firmware configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature enables a recovery firmware setup through a dual-firmware configuration that includes both main and recovery firmware.
```

The UICR.SECONDARY configuration consists of multiple sub-registers organized into functional groups:

UICR.SECONDARY.ENABLE
  Controls whether the secondary firmware boot feature is enabled.

UICR.SECONDARY.PROCESSOR
  Specifies which processor should be used to boot the secondary firmware.
  Valid values are:

>   * ``APPLICATION`` - Boot secondary firmware on the APPLICATION processor
>   * ``RADIOCORE`` - Boot secondary firmware on the RADIOCORE processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``APPLICATION`` - Boot secondary firmware on the application domain CPU.
  * ``RADIOCORE`` - Boot secondary firmware on the radio core CPU.
```

UICR.SECONDARY.ADDRESS
  Sets the start address of the secondary firmware.
  This value is used as the initial value of the secure Vector Table Offset Register (VTOR) after CPU reset.

>   The address must be aligned to a 4 kiB boundary (bits [11:0] are ignored).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The address must be aligned to a 4 KiB boundary.
  Bits [11:0] are ignored.
```

UICR.SECONDARY.TRIGGER

>   Configures automatic triggers that cause |ISE| to boot into secondary firmware instead of the primary firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configures automatic triggers that cause |ISE| to boot the secondary firmware instead of the primary firmware.
```

  UICR.SECONDARY.TRIGGER.ENABLE

>     Controls whether automatic triggers are enabled for secondary firmware boot.

Reviewer: is this about triggers enable so that the secondary firmware can boot? or about triggers (for something) that will  run during the secondary firmware boot? I'm guessing the first. In that case:

```
Controls whether automatic triggers are enabled to boot the secondary firmware.
```

  UICR.SECONDARY.TRIGGER.RESETREAS

>     Specifies which reset reasons will trigger automatic boot into secondary firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies which reset reasons will trigger an automatic boot into the secondary firmware.
```

    Multiple triggers can be enabled simultaneously by setting the corresponding bits:

    * ``APPLICATIONWDT0`` - Application domain watchdog 0 reset
    * ``APPLICATIONWDT1`` - Application domain watchdog 1 reset
    * ``APPLICATIONLOCKUP`` - Application domain CPU lockup reset

>     * ``RADIOCOREWDT0`` - Radiocore domain watchdog 0 reset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``RADIOCOREWDT0`` - Radio core watchdog 0 reset
```

>     * ``RADIOCOREWDT1`` - Radiocore domain watchdog 1 reset
>     * ``RADIOCORELOCKUP`` - Radiocore domain CPU lockup reset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``RADIOCOREWDT1`` - Radio core watchdog 1 reset
    * ``RADIOCORELOCKUP`` - Radio core CPU lockup reset
```

UICR.SECONDARY.PROTECTEDMEM
  Identical to UICR.PROTECTEDMEM, but applies to the secondary firmware.

UICR.SECONDARY.WDTSTART
  Identical to UICR.WDTSTART, but applies to the secondary firmware boot process.

>   Note that if RADIOCORE is specified in ``UICR.SECONDARY.PROCOSSOR`` the WDT instances used will be the ones in the radio domain.

Reviewer: Looks like a typo

```suggestion
  Note that if RADIOCORE is specified in ``UICR.SECONDARY.PROCESSOR``, the WDT instances used are the ones in the radio core.
```

    Specifies which reset reasons will trigger automatic boot into secondary firmware.
    Multiple triggers can be enabled simultaneously by setting the corresponding bits:

    * ``APPLICATIONWDT0`` - Application domain watchdog 0 reset
    * ``APPLICATIONWDT1`` - Application domain watchdog 1 reset
    * ``APPLICATIONLOCKUP`` - Application domain CPU lockup reset
    * ``RADIOCOREWDT0`` - Radiocore domain watchdog 0 reset
    * ``RADIOCOREWDT1`` - Radiocore domain watchdog 1 reset
    * ``RADIOCORELOCKUP`` - Radiocore domain CPU lockup reset

UICR.SECONDARY.PROTECTEDMEM
  Identical to UICR.PROTECTEDMEM, but applies to the secondary firmware.
  See the UICR.PROTECTEDMEM section for detailed sub-register descriptions.

UICR.SECONDARY.WDTSTART
  Identical to UICR.WDTSTART, but applies to the secondary firmware boot process.
  See the UICR.WDTSTART section for detailed sub-register descriptions.

UICR.SECONDARY.PERIPHCONF
  Identical to UICR.PERIPHCONF, but applies to the secondary firmware boot process.
  See the UICR.PERIPHCONF section for detailed sub-register descriptions.

UICR.SECONDARY.MPCCONF
  Identical to UICR.MPCCONF, but applies to the secondary firmware boot process.

>   See the UICR.MPCCONF section for detailed sub-register descriptions.

Author: Yes its planned, so my thought was that this bullet is actually correct for now, and would be prone to be outdated once we add MPCCONF support. What I could do instead is to explicitly state that UICR.MPCCONF is not yet implemented?
